=head1 NAME

Net::Statsd::Server::Changes - Change history for Net::Statsd::Server

=head2 Changes in Net::Statsd::Server 0.12  16th December 2013

  Fixed (hopefully) problems reported by CPAN testers:
    * Failing to setsockopt(SO_RCVBUF) is no more a fatal exception.
      We will just continue and emit a warning instead.
    * Some CPAN testers appear to have a running graphite on their
      systems, so use a not so common port instead of 2003.

=head2 Changes in Net::Statsd::Server 0.11  13th December 2013

  Added implementation for the following configuration directives:
    deleteIdleStats, deleteGauges, deleteSets, prefixStats.
    Both deleteTimers and deleteCounters were supposed to work
    before 0.11 too.

  Improved documentation. Should be clear now how to know what
    options are actually supported and what options are not.

  Improved integration tests. Now it's even easier to run
    Net::Statsd::Server integration tests against the nodejs
    version of statsd to verify full compatibility.

=head2 Changes in Net::Statsd::Server 0.10  10th February 2013

  Fixed SO_RCVBUF on Mac OS X, where it's apparently not possible
    to set SO_RCVBUF to more than 8Mb. If you're on OSX, I'd
    like to get more reports about this.

  Fixed integration test suite so that it always runs with the
    correct interpreter ($^X) instead of /usr/bin/perl.
    This should fix lots of CPAN testers failure reports.

  Improved internal trim() function.

=head2 Changes in Net::Statsd::Server 0.09   29th January 2013

  Fixed a few more nodejs-statsd compatibility bugs:
    - non-legacy namespace code added a repeated 'stats.' level
      that shouldn't be there
    - underscode character ('_') is now correctly allowed as
      part of a statsd metric.

  Added an integration test suite, to verify end-to-end that
    statsd server is behaving exactly as the nodejs version.
    Being as near to 100% compatibility as possible has been
    one of the main goals from the start.

=head2 Changes in Net::Statsd::Server 0.08   27th January 2013

  Fixed CPAN testers failures reported for inexact floating point
    comparison when testing standard deviation of timer results
    in the test suite.

=head2 Changes in Net::Statsd::Server 0.07   23rd January 2013

  Started converting the nodejs statsd test suite to TAP
    test cases. Completed the conversion of the metrics processing
    test cases. This uncovered two subtle bugs in the metrics class.

  Fixed bug in calculation of percentile values threshold, due
    to a difference in how Javascript's Math.round() and
    Perl's int() work.

  Fixed undefined value warning in the metrics processing during
    the calculation of cumulative values for timers, due to
    an off-by-one error.

=head2 Changes in Net::Statsd::Server 0.06   17th January 2013

  Added new File backend.
    It allows to flush all aggregated stats to a given log file.

  Added keyFlush implementation.
    Allows to have the top n% (keyFlush.percent) dumped to a
    log file (keyFlush.log) or stdout every y seconds
    (keyFlush.interval).

=head2 Changes in Net::Statsd::Server 0.05   16th January 2013

  Improved UDP socket default settings to perform better.
    In my tests, Net::Statsd::Server manages to successfully capture
    almost twice the amount of UDP traffic (otherwise lost) than
    the original node.js based statsd, with SO_RCVBUF = 8Mb.
    I still have to experiment a bit more with this setting though.

=head2 Changes in Net::Statsd::Server 0.04   15th January 2013

  Fixed statistics flush. When a flush is triggered, stats have
    to be cleared. The flush code wasn't doing this previously.

  Fixed management commands (:8126) to output correct JSON data
    structures.

  This is the first fully functional statsd server release.

=head2 Net::Statsd::Server 0.01 - 0.03            January 2013

  First release on an unsuspecting world.

=cut
